Emphasizing versions (#603)
facebookresearch/habitat-lab: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md

---

## Habitat-Lab and Habitat-Sim versions
Habitat-Lab: vx.x.x or master?

Habitat-Sim: vx.x.x or master?

> Habitat is under active development, and we advise users to restrict themselves to stable releases of [Habitat-Lab](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-lab/releases) and [Habitat-Sim](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/releases). The bug you are about to report may already be fixed there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Habitat is under active development, and we advise users to restrict themselves to stable releases of [Habitat-Lab](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-lab/releases) and [Habitat-Sim](https://github.com/facebookresearch/habitat-sim/releases). The bug you are about to report may already be fixed in the latest version.
```

I am not sure where "there" is
